‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎She's scared of cats,
‎but powerless without this feline.
‎Huh? That is so not true!
‎I'm not scared of cats!
‎Cat Noir and Ladybug,
‎two heroes facing their destiny!
‎-Coming soon to theatres!
‎-Cat Noir and Ladybug
‎can't come to the premiere,
‎but I hope they'll love my movie
‎as much as we love them!
‎Meh! I'll be the judge of that!
‎You turned down
‎an invitation to the premiere?
‎I'm a superhero, Tikki, not a star.
‎It's my job to protect the city,
‎not sit around at a movie premiere!
‎-Well said!
‎-The premiere will be attended
‎by many illustrious guests,
‎including Jagged Stone,
‎the famous fashion designer,
‎Gabriel Agreste, and his son,
‎-who voiced Cat Noir, Adrien Agreste.
‎-Adrien?
‎Adrien's gonna be there? Oh, no!
‎Ladybug so should have said yes!
‎So, we've got 600 macaroons,
‎plus 800 petits fours,
‎not to mention the tiered cakes.
‎We should have hired someone
‎to help us serve at the premiere!
‎The premiere of the Ladybug
‎and Cat Noir animated movie?
‎-Yes.
‎-Me! Me! Me!
‎I can totally help you out with that!
‎-You mean... as a... server?
‎-Yes!
‎I'll hand the macaroons out to Adrien,
‎I mean... to everybody, of course,
‎not just Adrien.
‎And the fact Adrien will be there
‎has nothing to do with it.
‎Not a thing. Like, not in the slightest!
‎I just want to help out my wonderful,
‎sweet parents who I love so much!
‎-Hee, hee!
‎-Um...
‎You guys don't trust me.
‎Then again, I'm such a klutz,
‎even I wouldn't trust me.
‎Of course you're not a klutz, my darling!
‎You're hired! We'll just--
‎Oh, thank you!
‎You're the best parents in the world!
‎♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪
‎We'll make twice the number, just in case.
‎This is gonna be such an amazing night!
‎I need something amazing to wear!
‎And last, but definitely not least,
‎the amazing macaroon! Ta-dah!
‎Uh... don't you think your father's
‎800 macaroons will be plenty?
‎No, Tikki!
‎Adrien deserves a special macaroon
‎to show him just how special
‎he is to me! Just picture it.
‎He's expecting a regular macaroon,
‎but I give him this macaroon.
‎He takes one bite and says,
‎"Oh, It's passion fruit, my favourite!
‎How can you know me this well
‎when I'm so secretive?"
‎So I answer,
‎"It's because you're so special to me.
‎I feel like I've known you forever!"
‎Then--
‎Wait. Is this why you bake
‎a single macaroon every Sunday?
‎Who knows when the perfect opportunity
‎will come up?
‎And Adrien cannot have a stale macaroon!
‎Of course not.
‎Don't be bemused, it's just the news.
‎Nadia Chamack coming to you, live,
‎from the premiere
‎we've all been waiting for.
‎The Adventures of Cat Noir and Ladybug.
‎The gorgeous Laura Nightingale,
‎who sang all the songs, has just arrived.
‎Good evening, Laura! I'm your biggest fan.
‎-This is a private event, sir!
‎-Huh? Excuse me, I'm Thomas Astruc,
‎the movie director!
‎You filmed Cat Noir and Ladybug?
‎What are they like in real life?
‎Uh... It's an animated movie.
‎It's all cartoon characters.
‎We don't film anyone. See,
‎there's this whole team that draws the--
‎Whatever! Who'd want to see Ladybug
‎and Cat Noir as cartoon characters?
‎So, put your thumbs here
‎and look straight ahead.
‎Uh, shouldn't there be
‎macaroons on the tray?
‎Yes, we'll put them on when you're ready.
‎Dad! Mom! I am totally ready!
‎Trust me, I'll be super-duper careful!
‎Oh, our little girl
‎is spreading her wings!
‎Ladybug's one of my best buds.
‎I can't wait to see her movie!
‎Well, I... I'm the director. So, actually,
‎it's more my movie, so to speak.
‎Oh! So, you're the one
‎who created the story?
‎Well, technically, the screenwriters wrote
‎the story, inspired by Ladybug exploits.
‎-Oh, OK! So you did all the drawings?
‎-No, the animators do all the drawings.
‎-So, what do you do, then?
‎-Well, I--
‎Whoa! Hey, Marinette!
‎Now‎ she‎ can draw! She does it all herself!
‎Check out these groovy sunglasses
‎she made.
‎-Well, that's impressive!
‎-She even designed my album cover!
‎Uh, thanks! Uh... Macaroons?
‎Phew! So far, so good!
‎Uh-oh! She's seen him.
‎"Adrien, you are so normal to me...
‎No! 'Special' to me!"
‎Oh! I'll never get it right!
‎Whoa! Ha, ha! No.
‎No! Aaah!
‎You, go fetch me a chocolate macaroon!
‎But make sure it's dark chocolate,
‎-not milk chocolate! Got that?
‎-But I'm not a waiter.
‎-I'm the movie director!
‎-Oh, really?
‎-So, you're responsible for this movie?
‎-Yes! Yes, exactly! That's me!
‎Then you were the one who left
‎Queen Bee out of the trailer!
‎You're lame, utterly lame!
‎And what were are you thinking,
‎hiring Dupain-Cheng as a waitress?
‎-I didn't hire her!
‎-Actually,
‎it's a really good thing
‎you're doing the serving!
‎It means that while
‎I'm watching the movie with Adrien,
‎you'll be washing dishes! Ha, ha, ha!
‎Excuse me! Sorry!
‎Excuse me! Sorry! Excuse me!
‎Adrien, you're expected
‎to welcome the Tsurugis.
‎-Oh, no! Not her!
‎-Huh? Stop it!
‎ You're copying me! Quit it!
‎-No, you quit it!
‎-Do you know her?
‎-I don't just know her, I despise her!
‎What do you think you're doing, sitting
‎next to my Adrikins? That's my seat!
‎Don't ever touch me again.
‎Don't ever speak to me again.
‎Don't ever look at me again.
‎Konbanwa, Tsurigi-san.
‎Douzo yoroshiku, Onigaishimas.
‎Gabriel-San,
‎per our discussion at our last meeting,
‎-I've brought these documents.
‎-Doumo arigato.
‎Please follow me.
‎-I'm glad to see you again, Kagami.
‎-Me too, Adrien.
‎-OK. We need a plan!
‎-What do you mean, a plan?
‎A plan. You know,
‎a seat chart of the theatre!
‎I don't believe this! Adrien and Kagami
‎will sit next to each other
‎while I'm two rows behind!
‎Utterly ridiculous!
‎-I don't even have a seat, so...
‎-If we get rid of Kagami
‎before the movie starts,
‎there'll be a seat for you!
‎-We can't do that!
‎-Remember what you said to me once?
‎"All that is necessary for the triumph
‎of evil is that good people do nothing."
‎Well, today, the "evil" is her
‎and the "good people" are us!
‎-I'm not too sure about this.
‎-Fine. Keep on not being sure about it,
‎and tomorrow,
‎they'll be on a plane headed for Japan!
‎-Adrien? Japan? There's no way!
‎-You think?
‎They're going to the movies together,
‎their parents are signing papers together.
‎We can't let her do that!
‎Marinette!
‎Surely you're not teaming up with Chloé?
‎I'm stopping Kagami from kidnapping
‎Adrien and taking him off to Japan!
‎He's too nice to see
‎what she's really up to.
‎All right. Garbage bag, ladle...
‎-What? I asked you to get some rope!
‎-All I could find was this cooking string,
‎you know, for tying up roasts?
‎Do I look like someone
‎who knows anything about cooking roasts?
‎Hey, wait!
‎-Chloé, we can't do this!
‎-Listen, Marinette!
‎If we don't sacrifice a few macaroons now,
‎Adrien will be eating sushi
‎for the rest of his life!
‎You'd better not screw this up,
‎Dupain-Cheng!
‎I'm doing this for you, Adrien!
‎-Ladybug? Where's Ladybug!
‎-Hey, kids!
‎Ladybug isn't here. We came here to meet
‎the director of the movie!
‎Aw...
‎Forgive me, Mom and Dad,
‎but it's... it's for a good cause!
‎Whoa! My, my! I am so clumsy!
‎-Marinette, are you OK?
‎-Ah! Perfect.
‎Hold this for me!
‎Thank you, Adrien!
‎Here, Adrien, this is, uh,
‎your favourite-flavoured macaroon!
‎Of course, I'm just guessing.
‎I mean, how would I know, right?
‎But people do sometimes prefer
‎some things to other things, so...
‎Thanks, Marinette!
‎Dupain-Cheng! What were you doing?
‎That was not part of the plan!
‎Kagami, is something wrong?
‎These shoes belonged to my grandmother!
‎Ha! This is part of the plan!
‎Sit down. I'll help you.
‎Phase two, Dupain-Cheng.
‎Can you please autograph this for me?
‎Kagami!
‎But if you didn't make the story, or
‎the drawings, then you didn't do anything!
‎Huh?
‎Mmm.
‎-What's happening?
‎-Ew!
‎Gross!
‎Aaah! This macaroon contains almonds!
‎I specifically told you
‎-I'm allergic to them!
‎-We were so careful!
‎-All the macaroons are made from coconut!
‎-Uh-oh... all... but one.
‎What? What in the... ? What is that?
‎Who put this cake on this seat?
‎I should have known.
‎Chloé's plans are all disastrous!
‎I spent three years of my life,
‎working day in, day out... for this?
‎What was meant to be my night is ruined!
‎Here. I'll take those, Tom.
‎Nobody could care less about me.
‎Ah! The behind-the-scenes creator
‎who never gets any of the credit.
‎The perfect type of injustice
‎for my akumas.
‎Fly away, creature of the dark,
‎and evilise his broken heart!
‎Animaestro, you're going to show
‎everyone who you really are
‎with a power as limitless
‎as your imagination!
‎All I asked in return
‎are Cat Noir and Ladybug's Miraculous.
‎I want them all to see
‎what a director is capable of!
‎Now I understand
‎why Kagami speaks so much about you.
‎Your father has raised you
‎to be a refined young man.
‎The plan is a total disaster!
‎Adrien and Kagami are closer now
‎than they were before!
‎You ruined everything, Dupain-Cheng!
‎What was it with that macaroon, anyway?
‎Uh... it was a special
‎passion fruit macaroon.
‎But that's the favourite of...
‎No! Don't tell me that.
‎Ha, ha, ha, ha!
‎You've got a crush on Adrien!
‎That is ridiculous! Utterly ridiculous!
‎You're a nobody in his eyes!
‎And you'll always be a nobody!
‎Watch. I'll prove it.
‎Adrikins!
‎Who are you? You can't come--
‎You really think a director does nothing?
‎Well, let me show you
‎exactly what I'm capable of!
‎Come on, get a grip!
‎Hey, Adrikins, you'll never guess...
‎-Hmm?
‎-Aaah!
‎Aaah!
‎Oh, come on now! Don't leave!
‎The show's just getting started!
‎I'll never take Chloé's advice again!
‎Tikki, spots on!
‎Yeah!
‎We'd have come if we'd known
‎how upset you were gonna get!
‎-Cat Noir and Ladybug!
‎-What's with that trailer, too?
‎-I am not scared of cats, at all!
‎-You haven't even seen the movie
‎-and you're already slamming it?
‎-He does have a point, you know.
‎I wasn't slamming it.
‎It's called constructive criticism.
‎-Yay!
‎-Good job, milady!
‎Oh! It's always about you, isn't it?
‎From now on,
‎everyone will be looking at me!
‎Let's see how much you enjoy
‎the true power of animation!
‎-I am the only true hero!
‎-Stay behind me, milady!
‎Aaah!
‎Are you OK, Cat noir?
‎Watch out!
‎-How can we beat him?
‎-The thing that doesn't change
‎-when he transforms is his mask!
‎-The akuma must be in it!
‎Fear the power of cartoons!
‎How about you fear the power
‎of the... Lucky Charm!
‎-A camera?
‎-Of course!
‎Who better to make a movie about Cat Noir
‎and Ladybug... than Ladybug and Cat Noir?
‎Ya-haa!
‎He really doesn't
‎take kindly to competition!
‎ Take their Miraculous.
‎They're at your mercy!
‎I can't see anything!
‎Protect your Miraculous.
‎He could be anywhere!
‎Move!
‎Everything OK down there?
‎Over there!
‎He's gone! Why didn't he attack us
‎while we were blinded?
‎I don't know! It doesn't make any sense.
‎Something must have happened we didn't
‎see, which is why we got a camera.
‎Protect your Miraculous.
‎He could be anywhere!
‎-Did you just pause the image?
‎-No. Did you see him freeze?
‎No, I had my eyes closed
‎because of the smoke!
‎-Me too.
‎-That's why he didn't take our Miraculous!
‎-If nobody's watching him...
‎-He stops moving!
‎Just like a movie! If nobody watches it,
‎it's as if it didn't exist!
‎Now we know how to defeat him!
‎Whoa!
‎This is the craziest show I've ever seen.
‎It won't be easy
‎getting people to stop watching!
‎Looks like this show is a sellout!
‎Time for the end credits, Cat Noir!
‎Close your eyes! Stop watching him!
‎Just because it's colourful and shiny
‎doesn't mean it's not very dangerous!
‎TV! Of course! Cat Noir, keep him busy!
‎-So, you jealous of our success, huh?
‎-You can play the smart alec, Cat,
‎but once I have your Miraculous,
‎people will forget about you soon enough!
‎You! Yes, you who are watching me!
‎Wherever you are, close your eyes!
‎Do not look at Animaestro!
‎Turn off your screens.
‎Come on! We need each one of you!
‎It's the only way to stop him!
‎Ha, ha! You can tell everyone
‎to switch off their TVs,
‎but there'll always be
‎at least one person watching me!
‎I wouldn't miss this show for anything!
‎I'm sorry, Nadia, but this time
‎there will be no live coverage!
‎Huh?
‎What? No!
‎Animaestro,
‎hurry up and bring me their Miraculous!
‎Aaah!
‎Cataclysm!
‎Everybody must watch! Animation!
‎Funny, 'cause I think we're the last ones!
‎And once we close our eyes,
‎it's time for the end credits, Animaestro!
‎No!
‎No! No!
‎-Shut your eyes tight, Cat Noir.
‎-You know I trust you blindly!
‎No more evil-doing for you.
‎Time to de-evilise!
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly.
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎What am I doing here?
‎Cat Noir and Ladybug?
‎In the flesh!
‎-You're about to transform back, milady!
‎-Bug out!
‎Ladybug, Cat Noir,
‎enjoy your apparent victory!
‎Because, as in all the best tragedies,
‎triumph always comes before failure!
‎Chloé, please don't tell Adrien
‎I have a crush on him.
‎In this world, there are those who work,
‎and those who shine!
‎Forever there will be
‎this division between us.
‎Which is why
‎you and I will never be a team!
‎I'm not going to tell him.
‎You're not worth the extra attention!
‎You know what?
‎Take my seat and enjoy the movie.
‎I've seen it ten times or more!
‎What matters the most is for it to be seen
‎by people who really want to see it.
‎I... I... but--
‎Sorry! I guess you don't know
‎who I am either.
‎Of course I do!
‎You're Thomas Astruc, the movie director!
‎Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you,
‎thank you, thank you!
‎She recognised me!
‎Somebody actually recognised me!
‎This is the best day of my life!
‎Awesome you could get in!
‎And I'm really sorry I didn't get to taste
‎your macaroon. It looked delicious!
‎It's no biggy! There'll be tons
‎of other macaroons... I mean, occasions!